+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Two Factor Authentication: Forums
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

This policy is **mandatory** for all MyM Staff members, and optional for everyone.

How does this help me? What is Two Factor Authentication?
=========================================================

Two Factor Authentication (2FA) protects your online accounts by using a secondary form of authentication aside from your password. Many sites and services use this in varying forms, such as sending a one-time code through email or SMS, or alternatively through use of a code-generator app such as Google Authenticator. This greatly increases your account security, because now not only does an attacker need your password (which you should change regularly) but also needs these single-use codes to log in on new devices.

That sounds great, but how do I set it up?
==========================================

**Setting up 2FA on the Forums:**

* Log into your Forum Account and go to your Settings. (Cog wheel to the right of Forum Conversations)
* Go to the Two-Step Verification option
* Enter your password in the text box provided.
* Click on "Enable" for Verification code via App. Once you get to the QR code, go to your Authenticator app. This is the end of the forum side. Time to move on to the mobile steps!

You can also set up backup codes and have codes emailed to you, though this guide will only address setting up 2FA with an authenticator app.

**Setting up Mobile Authentication using Google Authenticator**

With the forums ready, time to move on to getting your mobile phone ready.

1. Download the *Google Authenticator* app for your smartphone or tablet.
2. Open the *Google Authenticator* app once downloaded, select *Set up account* from the option menu (or click the plus button in the bottom right).
3. Click *Scan a barcode* at the bottom of the UI and scan the QR Code provided by the forums.
4. After setting up your device, enter the verification code generated by the app.
5. Submit and enjoy!

Your mobile 2FA is now setup and ready to go. You will be asked for your 2FA code every time you log into the forums unless you select the option "Trust this device for 30 days". With this option enabled, you will be force logged out every 30 days and will be asked to enter an authenticator code.

Need More Help?
===============

* If you're a staff member, this will have been set-up during your intake and orientation.
* If you're a player, we have a more detailed guide on the forums coming soon complete with pictures and step-by step instruction.